As you have seen in the first tutorial, it is really simple to create shapes and text. It is also simple to easily change
key characteristics about the creations such as colour, size and positioning on the screen. However, in some cases, most of 
the requirements that people have are not so simple. For example, perhaps, you want shapes/text to appear together, or
you want to change the characteristics of more than one shapes. With the knowledge that you have now, you would go to 
each individual shape and modifiy it. 

SVG allows elements of the shape elements to exist. So, that means that you can easily treat more than one shape/texts
as one single element and modify all of them at once, to either change characteristics such as colour, size and shape
for all of the selected shapes/texts. In order to change the characteristics, you can use the transformation function introduced
in Tutorial 02. 

Essentially, all you can do now, is treat multiple shapes as one single shape. Try to solve the problems using that mindset,
of changing one shape, which in itself is comprised of multiple shapes.

*Note: In this tutorial, I have mentioned a few elements as they allow the more general cases of uses to be fulfilled.
There are tons of specific elements in SVG that allow you to specifically handle minute details. They all follow
a similar structure. 


Visit GroupingElementEx.html for an example of grouping shape elements together.

Visit TextSpanEx.html for an example of positioning text elements. 

Visit UseEx.html for an example of Use element. 




Problem 1)
	
	Create multiple simple shapes of various characteristics and transform them all as a single shape according to the following:
	
		A) Scale the shapes to be bigger than the original sizes, using scale

		B) Change the positions to be right of the original positions, using translate

		C) Skew the shapes by 17 degrees in the X-direction , using skew 


Problem 2)
	
	A) Create a simple text element containing the texts, "Hello World, My name is __________ ". In the dashed space, write your name.

	B) After doing part A, position the texts such that:
	
		A) the texts create an "X" sign 

Problem 3)
	
	Using the shapes from the example, 
	
	A) Apply the same transformation changes on the copied element coloured green, not the original as in Problem 1). However this time use, <use>


